README.md, before:

# -EnLang
A scripting lanuge that is made to be easy to write and compiled with out errors.

## How it works
EnLang uses a python3 backend to make sure it works on all unix based systems.

## Getting started
To get started with [EnLang](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang) read [here](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/Making%20a%20new%20project/README.md) to make your starting project.

## Documation
[ask.question](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/ask.question/README.md) 

[open.browser](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/open.browser/README.md)

[random.value](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/random.value/README.md)

[run.py.script](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/run.py.script/MainSite.md)

[run.sys.command](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/run.sys.command/BaseMD.md)

[say](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/say/MainSite.md)

[set.variable](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/tree/main/set.variable)

## Credits
[FYC Rewrite V2](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/FYC-Rewrite-V2) | gh-pages.

Commit message:

adds new how it works

README.md, after:

# -EnLang
A scripting lanuge that is made to be easy to write and compiled with out errors.

## How it works
The backend of EnLang is based off python and when ever you run the script for your project it will convert that into a python script for a one time then run that script and remove it.

## Getting started
To get started with [EnLang](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang) read [here](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/Making%20a%20new%20project/README.md) to make your starting project.

## Documation
[ask.question](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/ask.question/README.md) 

[open.browser](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/open.browser/README.md)

[random.value](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/random.value/README.md)

[run.py.script](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/run.py.script/MainSite.md)

[run.sys.command](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/run.sys.command/BaseMD.md)

[say](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/blob/main/say/MainSite.md)

[set.variable](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/tree/main/set.variable)

## Credits
[FYC Rewrite V2](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/FYC-Rewrite-V2) | gh-pages.
