Making a new project/README.md, before:

# Making a new project
This page will go over how to make a project using **ekg**

1) Make a new folder with the name of your project try to avoid spaces.
    ```bash
    mkdir exp-project
    ```

2) Make a new file called **About.json** with the following data **Name** is the name of your project and **Version** is your version of the project.
    ```json
    [
        {
            "Name": "exp-project",
            "Version": "0.0.0.1"
        }
    ]
    ```

3) Make a new folder called public.
    ```bash
    mkdir public
    ```

4) Install EnLang into the root of your projects folder by downloading the main script from [here](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/releases).

5) Make a new **ekg** file called **main.ekg** file in the public folder.

6) Open up a IDE and get coding.
    ```bash
    code .
    ```

## Cloned project
If you would like to to see how a project should look like when fully done head [here](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/tree/main/Exp-EnLang).

Commit message:

Open up a IDE and get coding all ekg's should be in the the public folder or sub folders

Making a new project/README.md, after:

# Making a new project
This page will go over how to make a project using **ekg**

1) Make a new folder with the name of your project try to avoid spaces.
    ```bash
    mkdir exp-project
    ```

2) Make a new file called **About.json** with the following data **Name** is the name of your project and **Version** is your version of the project.
    ```json
    [
        {
            "Name": "exp-project",
            "Version": "0.0.0.1"
        }
    ]
    ```

3) Make a new folder called public.
    ```bash
    mkdir public
    ```

4) Install EnLang into the root of your projects folder by downloading the main script from [here](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/releases).

5) Make a new **ekg** file called **main.ekg** file in the public folder.

6) Open up a IDE and get coding all ekg's should be in the the public folder or sub folders.
    ```bash
    code .
    ```

## Cloned project
If you would like to to see how a project should look like when fully done head [here](https://github.com/HttpAnimation/-EnLang/tree/main/Exp-EnLang).
